+++
title = "Weeknotes - Week 1."
date = 2024-01-06
+++

Well here I am, starting to do week notes in 2024. I’ve skirted around doing something like this for many years but, like many others, the implosion of Twitter over the last year or so has made me rethink a good deal of where I publish things online. 

I don’t really have a format in mind yet so assuming I keep this up, it will probably shift over the coming weeks. Here goes. 

*Last week:*

I’m still on Christmas holidays, my parents are here from the UK and we’ve been doing a lot of sightseeing and drinking a lot of coffee which has been lovely. 

That said, I’ve spent some time this week working on the More Than Machines website. Building your own site is hard and I’ve been putting it off for, well nearly three years now. I’ve made good progress. 

I’ve also taken a bit of time to plan the next 12 weeks, I didn’t get out of the office much last year so the first part of this year will be focused on reconnecting with friends and clients. 

*Next week:*

Technically I’m still on holiday but as others are returning to work meetings are starting to crop up and I need to reengage in the planning for the evokeAG startup program ahead of the event in February. 

I’ll be continuing to work on the MTM website, it would be great to get it finished this coming week but I suspect it’s more likely to be ready when I fully return to work at the end of the month. 

From a personal perspective, I’ve also got a few things planned. I started running again this week after a couple of weeks break. I managed to run most weekdays for the last 6 months in 2023 and I want to continue to do so in 2024. 

I’m also looking to step up my personal projects this year. Particularly my electronics projects. More planning is needed on this to make sure it happens.

LMK if you would like to catch up in the coming weeks. I’m already super caffeinated.