+++
title = "Weeknotes - Week 4."
date = 2024-01-28
+++

I’m realising that I need to start writing a bit more on my blog otherwise this is just going to be a long list of Weeknotes. I can’t believe that we’re almost at the end of January already! That’s about 7% of the way through the year. It’s also the point at which most of the new years resolutions people start at the beginning of the year start to fall away.

I’m still doing pretty well with my resolutions - including keeping up with week notes. We may only be on week four but it’s starting to feel a little more natural doing this, this week so hopefully it’s starting to become a habit.

*Last week*

The week just gone has been the last week of my holiday, it was a bit of a strange week of being half on holiday and half back in the office. I’m ready to return to work now and it’s only just beginning to sink in now how long I’ve just taken off and also importantly how little work I have in the pipeline.

I’m trying to meet more new people this year and learn about them and what they do. This week I had the pleasure of sitting down and speaking with someone from the wine industry who works to help growers do more with technology. They use technology to help growers get their products into export markets such as South America. Hearing about what they do, the kind of people they work with and the challenges that they face was fascinating.

I also broke ground on the code for the first [More Than Machines](http://www.morethanmachines.com.au) AI offering. I won’t talk too much about that here other than it’s been rolling around in  my mind for a long time and as I currently don’t have a thousand projects running though the business it’s been a good time to get started. I have many, many thoughts about the current state of AI and its application in Australian Agriculture so watch this space. After all, working in this domain is why I set up More Than Machines - it’s only taken three years for the industry to start to catch up.

I also started putting together the initial components I need for a [Raspberry Pi](http://www.raspberrypi.com) powered dash cam for the car.

*Next Week*

Lots of Admin is in my immediate future, along with reconnecting with people. It feels like I have literally fallen off the planet for over a month. I plan to get out of the office a lot more this year, so I want to start getting some face to face meetings set up.

I also have a few reports to finish and a stack of life admin to get out of the way as usual.

Finally, if I can find time I want to start to put together a CAD model for a dash cam case for the raspberry pi etc. Again I plan to write up what I’m doing here in more detail once I’ve got things a little further along.
